lesley kerkhove was unable to end her debut on a couple with a
tournament win the tennis star from zierikzee lost in the well-attended final of
the singles are now on one of bibian schoofs
Kerkhove seemed to be on its way to winning in the first set for a long time, but lost it
finally in a time out with 7 6
in the second set the 19-year-old zeeuwse quickly looked at a 4 2
falling behind it eventually became 6 3
the Belgian yannick mertens won the men's race
the second placed Belgian was in the final with twice 6 4 too strong for the
ukrainians victor uterus
the fire brigade was pulled out the fourth time for a fire in Sint Jansteen and
advanced
Saturday around midnight a barn on the Gentsevaart in Kapellebrug became a barn
destroyed
the home that was attached to the shed making the fire brigade rescued nobody
got injured
the fire in a barn on the Prins Hendrikstraat in Sint Jansteen was
always before the fire department arrived
last year around this period also started a series of arson in barns and
gazebos in Sint Jansteen and surroundings
a perpetrator has never been found
the old tower of the Scheldt has been rusting along the river for a few years
koningsweg in vlissingen
that is the smallest growth of the former director of the nautical school
front stopper here a ball from kramer
no 125 years of hard work has been done by all kinds of employees from all over zealand
and then there must certainly be where we stand to learn from our best
pretending to preserve Hulle helps the municipality in collecting
money needed for the restoration of women there is money from european
Commission
and what to do with that we are going to try in Zeeland and I think, however, have something
they also gather together
to get it across the water is another one
stall away a full no pleasure
that is also a beautiful bang but of course it does not belong to the residents
120 servers took action this weekend on the grevelingen at Bruinisse
a match of the dutch championship
that there have been five matches in alrecht Almere to have been through
This is the third time to give you some kind of circumstances that were ideal after
the result would be plotted
very good constantin there were lots of room to put the event down
to put
not as busy there as some coastal towns they also figure themselves
sometimes as a little bit and because the sporty then give the ns